docs: Update existing reference navigation docs (#2320)
unoplatform/uno.extensions: doc/Reference/Navigation/Design.md

## Navigation Controls

An application typically has one or more views responsible for controlling navigation. For example, a Frame that navigates between pages, or a TabBar that switches tabs

> Navigation controls can be categorized in three distinct groups with different Navigation goals.
> 
> | Content-Based        | Has a content area that's used to display the current view                                                             |
> |----------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
> | ContentControl       | Navigation creates an instance of a control and sets it as the Content                                                 |
> | Panel (eg Grid)      | Navigation sets a child element to Visible, hiding any previously visible child. Two scenarios:<br>	- An existing child is found. The child is set to Visible<br>	- No child is found. A new instance of a control is created and added to the Panel. The new instance is set to visible<br>Note that when items are hidden, they're no removed from the visual tree |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigation controls can be categorized into three distinct groups with different Navigation goals.

| Content-Based        | Has a content area that's used to display the current view                                                             |
|----------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ContentControl       | Navigation creates an instance of a control and sets it as the Content                                                 |
| Panel (eg Grid)      | Navigation sets a child element to Visible, hiding any previously visible child. Two scenarios:<br>	- An existing child is found. The child is set to Visible<br>	- No child is found. A new instance of a control is created and added to the Panel. The new instance is set to visible<br>Note that when items are hidden, they're not removed from the visual tree |
```

> | Frame                | Forward navigation adds a new page to the stack based <br>Backward navigation pops the current page off the stack<br>Combination, for example, forward navigation and clear back stack |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Frame                | Forward navigation adds a new page to the stack-based <br>Backward navigation pops the current page off the stack<br>Combination, for example, forward navigation and clear back stack |
```
